OVERVIEW
Parody & Satire
Satire uses humor or exaggeration to critique or mock a person, organization, or policy.
Spy pigeons in Pakistan!
The pigeon is photoshopped to carry "spying gear". Spying pigeons have become a meme.
False Connection
False connection is content that connects two unrelated things, in which a photo, caption, or headline promoting a story doesn't actually match up with the content.
In Cities and Farms, Disease-Carrying Animals like Pigeons Thrive
The birds in the image are crows. The image doesn't relate to the headline.
Manipulated Content
Manipulated content makes changes in original material in an effort to deceive or create a false context (for example, an image where something has been added or deleted using photo editing tools).
Indian Media Blame Pakistan with Using a Pigeon as a Spy
This image of a pigeon was drastically photo manipulated to push forth a political conflict. The image and headline went viral online and ended up creating quite a concern on social media.
Fabricated Content
Fabricated content is entirely made up and is designed to deceive you into thinking that it's real.
297 birds died in The Netherlands during an attempt to test 5G connectivity
Birds did die in the Netherlands. However, the place their bodies were found was not near any 5G towers.
False Context
False context takes an image, a quote, or other piece of content and puts it into a new, false context to change its meeting.
Avian flu mortality rate the highest it has ever been this year!
The headline of this article frames this photo of pigeons in front of a Malaysian marketplace to provide false context about avian flu.
Imposter Content
Imposter content falsely uses a well-known name, brand, or logo to fool people into believing that it is authentic content.
Thinking about what I could write about for my next song...I kind of want to write a song about the one that flew away...
This post is made from an imposter account trying to fool people into believing it is an authentic celebrity account.
OVERVIEW2
Lateral Reading
Lateral reading is the practice of reading laterally across several sources. Instead of staying with one website or article, you might need to jump around a bit. Open multiple tabs in your browser to follow links found within the source and do supplemental searches on names, organizations or topics you find. These additional perspectives will help you to evaluate the original article and can end up saving you time.
Fact checking
Fact-checking is an important skill -- not only does it ensure that you are an informed consumer and citizen, but it also helps you ensure that your own research and writing are free of bias and inaccuracies.
Ask Experts
It’s impossible to know everything ourselves. However, there are experts out there you can consult in order to verify news. You can ask librarians, researchers, media literacy experts, and even sometimes your parents!
Verify Sources
Determine the credibility and reliability of the information by identifying the source. Research the name of the writer or the organization to determine if it is a well-known and respected authority on the subject of your research.
Reverse Image Search
Reverse image search is the easiest way to verify an image. You can do it by simply going to Google Image, dragging and dropping the image you want to verify into the search bar, and hit search! By using this method, you can figure out if this image has been on the internet elsewhere. 
Emotion-Checking
Fake news often appeals to our emotions and if we don't stop to question whether our feelings are valid, we are likely to believe (and share) claims that are misleading or just plain untrue. It’s important to do emotion checks with ourselves when reading things that triggers a lot of our emotions.
