Hi, Jack! Can we talk?
Hmm? Oh, uhh, sure.
I wanted to talk to you about the pigeon that I wanted to get...
Oh, that? Yeahhh, I don't think that would be a good idea...
Jack, I think I can persuade you! I just had a really good talk with Drew and Emily and now they're on board with the idea!
Oh, did you? Alright then. [Jack shrugs and continues to look at his phone.]
...
... So... Is it cool if I get the pigeon?
Yeah, do whatever you want.
... Wait what?
Jack, can I ask what changed your mind? Why didn't you want me to get the pigeon in the first place?
Well, I don't know. Remember the day you went to the pigeon shelter and posted about adopting the pigeon? I was with Drew and Emily at the time.
FLASHBACK
I can't believe Audrey wanted a pigeon. Those things are clearly government surveillance! What is she thinking?
Yeah, and those birds are super dirty, they will give you different diseases. You could die.
Jack, what do you think?
Hmmm... I think you guys are right. Audrey shouldn't get a pigeon and bring threats to our house.
ENDFLASHBACK
They convinced me that it would be a bad idea. They were so adamant about their opinions, you know?
But Jack, did you even know if what they were talking about was true?
I mean, not really but...
I just spoke with the two of them and we did some research together. Both of them shared misinformation with you. Unlike what Jack said, pigeons are not government surveillance and they are not as dangerous in spreading diseases as Emily originally thought. 
Oh, well that's good to know.
But... you also shared their posts that had misinformation about pigeons. And a whole bunch of your followers liked the posts.
Well, I saw Drew's post got 20k likes and I thought it'd be cool to have a lot of people liking my post, too.
Listen, Jack— I really want to adopt this pigeon. But when you just went along with Drew and Emily's stance and spread misinformation... that really hurt me. A lot of people commented on those posts with mean things to say that were all based on false information.
Sorry Audrey, I feel stupid now that I think about it. I wasn't comfortable to say "I don't know" or "I don't care" to them. And I believed in their affirmations instead of the truth.
Yeah, I totally get how you feel. It's so hard to say "I don't know" sometimes because of peer pressure. But just because someone talks like they know something, doesn't mean that they're correct.
It's important to look into facts before you share information with such a large audience. It's okay to say that you don't know or be wrong about something as long as you continue to seek out the truth. It's actually pretty scary for someone to know everything, isn't it?
Haha, that's true. Yeah, I understand. You're right, I'll do better and really look into the things I'm sharing online.
I'm glad to hear it! Thanks, Jack.
So, are you gonna get that bird?
Yes! I'm so excited!
