Hi, Emily! Can we talk?
Oh, hey Audrey. What's up?
I wanted to talk about your post from earlier...
Oh my gosh! Yeah, about you wanting a pigeon? Audrey, just what are you thinking?
Well, that's exactly what I wanted to talk to you about. I don't think pigeons are, as you put it, "flying rats."
Audrey, you've seen all the movies and read the news, right? They're crazy! They're carriers of disease!
I just think you may have some misconceptions about pigeon adoption in general.
Oh, come on Audrey, be serious.
OPTION
How do you want to talk to Emily about her misunderstanding about pigeons?
Become combative with Emily and try to win the argument
Do an emotion check with Emily before explaining your intentions
Emily. You're being irrational. Why can't you just try to see my side of things?
Your side of things? What about my side? I don't think I'm being irrational at all!
I looked into pigeon adoption and honestly raising a domesticated pigeon is totally safe—
Domesticated pigeon? What, like there's even a difference between a domesticated or wild pigeon? Both are so crazy!
You're not being fair at all—
Audrey! I. Don't. Want. To. Live. With. A. Pigeon.
EMOTIONCHECK
An emotion check in this argument will diffuse the tension and probably be the best way to convince Emily to understand Audrey. Let's see what an emotion check will do!
Okay, I can understand your outrage, but I find your words to be hurtful because I do still want to adopt a pigeon.
I'm sorry, I guess I wasn't thinking about how you felt about it. But I also don't know what to tell you, I just think that pigeons are gross.
I understand how you feel. And I don't want to fight with you or anything. Is it okay if we just talk about it? I can share with you some of the things I have learned.
Fine, you can give it a shot. I don't want to fight about it either but I'm, like, super on the fence about this...
And that's okay! I'm glad we can discuss it all!
I did some research about raising pigeons and I think you'll like this article!
ARTICLE
Pigeons are guilty of transmitting fungal and bacterial diseases, primarily via their droppings, which pose the greatest risk to those with weakened immune systems. But cast against the recent spread of infectious zoonotic diseases—such as H5N1 bird flu, severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) and human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)—experts question the degree of concern over the disease-bearing potential of the birds that have colonized cities the world over...As for pigeons: research has shown that even those infected with bird flu actually transmit very little. And they carry so little West Nile virus in their bloodstreams that they are unlikely to infect mosquitoes who could then infect humans, making the birds more likely to slow an epidemic than spread one.
Click Here for Source
Wow, I always thought that pigeons were just straight up crazy. But honestly? They seem so sweet in this article.
Right? I think if you just gave them a chance, you would really like having a pigeon around.
I always thought from the tv shows and the social media we grew up with that pigeons were pests and stuff. I had no idea that they could be cool pets!
They really are! And you know, if you have any other doubts, I would be happy to talk to you more about pigeons.
I know it can be really hard to change your mind about something you believed for so long.
Thanks Audrey, I think that would help. I guess for now, if you really want that bird, I would be okay with it...
Really? Are you serious?
Yeah, just keep it under control, you know?
Oh Emily, thank you so much! I'm so happy!
I just need to convince Jack now!
